[docs] Update Installation page to add a note about installing Node.js using a version manager (#21408)
expo/expo: docs/pages/get-started/installation.mdx

- [Node.js LTS release](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Only Node.js LTS releases (even-numbered) are recommended.
  As Node.js [officially states](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/), "Production applications should only use Active LTS or Maintenance LTS releases".

>   - Consider installing Node.js using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) or [nvm-windows](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/dev-environment/javascript/nodejs-on-windows#install-nvm-windows-nodejs-and-npm) to easily install and switch between different versions

Reviewer: Appreciate this addition and I understand the context and intention behind the change.

I don't think we should be opinionated about recommending a tool like a node version manager. There are other tools that people can use like `n` that some folks might prefer. Recommending one over the other, might sound like we are forcing our users to use one tool over the other. I'd say, let's keep things as it is on this line.

Reviewer 2: I think it doesn't hurt to be a bit more opinionated. We're also opinionated on the workspace tooling we support, and the package managers (like, no official pnpm support, only yarn-workspaces support over turborepo, nx, etc.). There's a number of tools for node installation management (asdf, n, nvm, volta), and each have their own quirks at times. For newcomers, reducing the number of paths they can take makes our life significantly easier in the support department as well (we've especially seen that be the case on unsupported workspace configurations). TL;DR: opinionated isn't a bad thing sometimes.

>   - Consider installing Node.js using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) or [nvm-windows](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/dev-environment/javascript/nodejs-on-windows#install-nvm-windows-nodejs-and-npm) to easily install and switch between different versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can install Node.js using a version management tool such as [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) or [nvm-windows](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/dev-environment/javascript/nodejs-on-windows#install-nvm-windows-nodejs-and-npm) that allows switching between different Node.js versions.
```

Let's improve the context of why one can use a tool like NVM.

Reviewer 3: If we would like to stick to recommending any tool, it probably should be `volta`, since we use it in few our repositories and we know it works with. Additionally, it would be nice to recommend a tool which is fully cross-platform, rather then mentioning two options based on user OS (Volta also check this box - https://docs.volta.sh/guide/getting-started).

Other option could be just to list few options without a links to do not clobber the sentence:
```suggestion
  - You can install Node.js using a version management tool such as `asdf`, `n`, `nvm`  or `volta` that allows switching between different Node.js versions.
```

Reviewer: I like this idea of general purpose recommendations in this case. I'm also happy with recommending volta as one route. 

@kbrandwijk, wdyt?
